Perform all of these tasks in the same prompt.

Add a user authentication page with sign up and login pages.
Sign up page using email, userid and password creation (enter password, enter again) and send otp
to email using # Email Configuration in .env file. it should use the email provided to send 
emails to the users' emails using smtp.
login page using email or userid along with password. Add a forgot password hyperlink below, 
which should send otp to the email and show reset password (enter new password, enter again)
login page and sign up page should have a sign up instead? or login instead? hyperlinks on the bottom leading to each other

This should lead to the home page with "Welcome [User]"
With links that lead to 4 pages. (The UI type can be whatever is best, like clickable boxes for the links, etc. use something that is standard and clean)
One of those links should lead to the document ai search page. and one should lead to the document upload page.
Add a home button on the top left for both pages. Other than this, don't touch anything else in these 2 pages.

UI should be clean, it should follow the UI structure and colour scheme of the other pages. 
Use mongodb for the db. tell me how to setup the mongodb in terminal before you start with the code, so i can set it up by the time you complete coding.
Use node.js for the backend if needed.

Each user should have their own data folder inside the folder data.

##########After you do the above, proceed with the below: ##########

In those 4 pages, 2 of them are the document ai search and the document upload. 

1 of those pages is actually the vendor db ai search which is inside the folder warehouse-ai-tool. One of the links should lead to this vendor db search.
I need you to first integrate this new code into the existing folder structure. 
Folder and file naming should have no confusion.
You should modify the complete folder structure/directory to contain this new addition.
You can use the same folder/files for both if necessary and remove the duplicates.

For the vendor db ai search tool, change everything to local, similar to the document ai search tool save in data folder.

Now, for the 4th page, it should lead to the db management tool. 
You can refer to TransportVendor-dev_new for the code for this page.
You need to integrate this code into our project and folder structure.
It should use mongodb instead of postgresql.
And again, you can add, edit or delete files/folders as needed. everything should work together.
Refer to the images attached in the text box for the db management UI tool. 
It should show a list of vendors with the most important information 
(with filterable fields. user should be able to add or remove fields from the table viewer, this is just a frontend thing.)
the user can add, edit or delete the vendors, this should be linked to the backend.
User should be able to import excel.


Each user should have their own data folder, integrate it with the document search data folder.

Analyze the full code, code structure, directory structure to make sure there aren't any discrepancies.
ALL the code should work together harmoniously. There should be no redundant code/files.
The project folder structure must be perfect and follow professional standards.

All code must be professional.